My database assignment will be to create a responsive application using NEXT.js and Supabase in order to learn how end to end systems work and get an understanding of how back end is done.

The assignment will be an app that allows people to sign up to tournaments (table tennis etc), through signing up without an account (read/write available to public to enter their name),
or with an account via a sign up page. 

Users without an actual account can only view posts (tournaments etc), and sign their name up.
Users with an account can create the posts, comment on the posts as well as comment on the games they have participated in, i.e if they have a game, they can click that game and choose to add
a comment.

There will also be a role system in place where Admins are the only ones able to populate the brackets of a tournament, either a button only visible to them , or something along those lines.

There will be six (currently) tables, I will also add a document from smart draw, demonstrating the tables and the relationships between them.

Users, Posts, Comments, Brackets, Games, and Applicants(people who sign up for a tournament wihtout an account)

The relationships of each table for now is the following;
Users:
Users have a one to many relationship with Posts.
Users have a one to many relationship with Comments.
Users have a many to many relationship with Brackets.
Users have a many to many relationship with Games.

Posts:
Posts have a many to one relationship with Users.
Posts have a one to many relationship with Comments.

Comments:
Comments have a many to one relationship with Users.
Comments have a many to one relationship with Posts.

Brackets: 
Brackets have a many to many relationship with Users.
Brackets have a many to many relationship with Applicants.
Brackets have a many to many relationship with Games.

Games:
Games have a many to many relationship with Users.
Games have a many to many relationship with Applicants.
Games have a many to many relationship with Brackets.

Applicants:
Applicants have a many to many relationship with Brackets.
Applicants have a many to many relationship with Games.

I plan on integrating something like brackets-viewer.js, to use as a library for the brackets and to render them.

The components and structure I believe I will need is:
I will need a header, which also acts as the navigation, in the header/navigation, there is an option to login/signup, if you are not logged in, and if you are logged in, the option will
change to sign out / my profile.

<Header />
  <Navigation />
    <Searchbar />
    user && 
      profile page

      The profile page will display all information about your profile, and links to view your posts and where you have made comments.

      sign out
    
    !user &&
      sign in
      sign up
      


The home screen will show short info of the recent posts, title, image(if applicable), and subtitle, and perhaps the first few lines, along with the author.
Everyone can click on the posts to display the post, and comments. However only signed in users can comment or create posts.

<Landing />
  <PostSummary /> (with links to full <Posts />)

There will also be a search function, which will allow people to search by keywords to find certain posts, and a side bar which will display information on any upcoming tournaments.
Users can "post" these tournaments as an option when they create a post, which if it is selected as a tournament post, it will populate the side bar, with a name, and a date / time.

<Sidebar />
  <Tournament />(link to tournament component)


When someone views the tournament, more information on the tournament will populate the page, and an option to apply.



